[ThemeProvider] Support setting default mode (#43951)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/customization/dark-mode/dark-mode.md

</ThemeProvider>
```

## Setting the default mode

> When `colorSchemes` is provided, the default mode is `system`, which means the app will use the system preference when users first visit the site.

Reviewer: vale suggestion
```suggestion
When `colorSchemes` is provided, the default mode is `system`, which means the app uses the system preference when users first visit the site.
```
